feat: Replace MapStore and SimpleMap with KVStore and BadgerDB (#19)
pokt-network/smt: KVStore.md

> # KVStore <!-- omit in toc -->

Reviewer: I did not review the README, assuming its just a copy & paste.

Author: No this is a new `README.md` there wasnt one before (or I missed it) however its pretty basic

    - [Restorations](#restorations)
  - [Accessor Methods](#accessor-methods)
    - [Prefixed and Sorted Get All](#prefixed-and-sorted-get-all)
    - [Clear All Key-Value Pairs](#clear-all-key-value-pairs)
    - [Len](#len)

## Overview

The `KVStore` interface is a key-value store that is used by the `SMT` and `SMST` as its underlying database for its nodes. However, it is an independent key-value store that can be used for any purpose.

## Implementation

The `KVStore` is implemented in [`kvstore.go`](./kvstore.go) and is a wrapper around the [BadgerDB](https://github.com/dgraph-io/badger) key-value database.

The interface defines simple key-value store accessor methods as well as other methods desired from a key-value database in general.

```go
type KVStore interface {
	// Store methods
	Get(key []byte) ([]byte, error)
	Set(key, value []byte) error
	Delete(key []byte) error

	// Lifecycle methods
	Stop() error

	// Data methods
	Backup(writer io.Writer, incremental bool) error
	Restore(io.Reader) error

	// Accessors
	GetAll(prefixKey []byte, descending bool) (keys, values [][]byte, err error)
	Exists(key []byte) (bool, error)
	ClearAll() error
	Len() int
}
```

> _NOTE: The `KVStore` interface can be implemented by another key-value store that satisfies the interface and used as the database for the `SM(S)T`_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_NOTE: The `KVStore` interface can be implemented by any key-value store that satisfies the interface and used as the underlying database store for the `SM(S)T`_
```

#### Restorations

The `Restore` method takes an `io.Reader` and restores the database from this reader.

The `KVStore` calling the `Restore` method is expected to be initialised and open, otherwise the restore will fail.

_NOTE: Any data contained in the `KVStore` when calling restore will be overwritten._

### Accessor Methods

The accessor methods enable simpler access to the underlying database for certain tasks that are desirable in a key-value store.

#### Prefixed and Sorted Get All

The `GetAll` method supports the retrieval of all keys and values, where the key has a specific prefix. The `descending` bool indicates whether the keys should be returned in descending order or not.

_NOTE: In order to retrieve all keys and values the empty prefix `[]byte{}` should be used to match all keys_

#### Clear All Key-Value Pairs

The `ClearAll` method removes all key-value pairs from the database.

_NOTE: The `ClearAll` method is intended to debug purposes and should not be used in production unless necessary_

#### Len

> The `Len` method returns the number of keys in the database, similarly to how the `len` function can return the length of a map.

Reviewer: great docs!
